# Firework
pix2pix architecture to generate photorealistic firework pictures from a poorly drawed sketch

# Example Image


The input images on most pix2pix examples (edge2cat, edge2bag, etc) are autogenerated by a PC. The user has to draw the cat's edges accurately to produce a good result. The aim of this project is to create photorealistic pictures from a poorly drawed sketch, as any engineer without artistic abilities would draw.

# Input images

As said, input images should be easy for anyone to create. They also should not be computed generated, but manually generated. Therefore sketches will be oversimplify. Fireworks are round, so a circle could be a first approach. The problem here is that fireworks are never perfect circles or ovals, but irregular shapes. With circles there's a lot of information lost, for example the direction of each spark. A way of keeping this information while keeping it simple is too draw the lines each spark creates. Using this technique it's even possible to select a differente color for each spark.

#### Insert round shape input image
#### Insert real input image

# Color

## Fireworks

For the sake of keeping it simple firework's color will be limited to Red (#FF0000), Green (#00FF00), Blue (#0000FF), Yellow (#FFFF00), Cyan (#00FFFF), Magenta (#FF00FF) and White (#FFFFFF).

## Background

The system will only be trained with firework pictures taken at night, so, again for the sake of simplicty the background should always be black (#000000).